README.md, before:

# vHack-MoneyBot
## Works with the latest v7

NOTE: I made this bot because I was BORED, NOT because I want to ruin the game. By downloading and using this bot you agree that I, the creator, cannot be held responsible for any action taken against you (getting banned, etc.)

vHack MoneyBot is an open-source automated bot for the android game [vHack XT](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.vhack.dev.vhack).

### Installation
vHack-MoneyBot requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v7+ to run. Direct download [here](https://nodejs.org/dist/v7.5.0/node-v7.5.0-x64.msi)

In order to install vHack-MoneyBot you must download all of the required modules.
```sh
$ npm install md5
$ npm install request
$ npm install chalk
```
Or run the included InstallDependencies files for your operating system.

Or if you're familiar with node just run
```sh
$ npm install
```

### Usage
To use vHack-MoneyBot, you must first put your login credentials into the config.json
![N|Solid](https://i.gyazo.com/d40e8ab9a4a5a36cee6325acd5a7a1d8.png)

Next you can run the StartBot.bat file

### Bugs
Report any bugs by creating a new issue.

### Suggestions?
Create a new issue and start the title with the text [Suggestion].

### License
This open-source software is licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Added config.json to .gitignore

README.md, after:

# vHack-MoneyBot
## Works with the latest v7

NOTE: I made this bot because I was BORED, NOT because I want to ruin the game. By downloading and using this bot you agree that I, the creator, cannot be held responsible for any action taken against you (getting banned, etc.)

vHack MoneyBot is an open-source automated bot for the android game [vHack XT](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.vhack.dev.vhack).

### Installation
vHack-MoneyBot requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v7+ to run. Direct download [here](https://nodejs.org/dist/v7.5.0/node-v7.5.0-x64.msi)

In order to install vHack-MoneyBot you must download all of the required modules.
```sh
$ npm install md5
$ npm install request
$ npm install chalk
```
Or run the included InstallDependencies files for your operating system.

Or if you're familiar with node just run
```sh
$ npm install
```

Then create a file called `config.json` and add the following to it

```json
{"userName":"ChangeMe","userPass":"ChangeMe","uHashStr":"DontChangeMe"}
```

### Usage
To use vHack-MoneyBot, you must first put your login credentials into the config.json
![N|Solid](https://i.gyazo.com/d40e8ab9a4a5a36cee6325acd5a7a1d8.png)

Next you can run the StartBot.bat file

### Bugs
Report any bugs by creating a new issue.

### Suggestions?
Create a new issue and start the title with the text [Suggestion].

### License
This open-source software is licensed under the MIT license.
